and as a result of the video that I uploaded
recently about how he cut me off
I want to be able to thank you
for the answer so pretty that I
They gave you to think baby
obviously we ask you for the video
what you expected but it really is that I
I felt really weird about uploading this video
because I was not sure if they were going to
say you're crazy how can you
they cut your hair by yourself and it's going to
happen that this was the reason why
so long I did not upload it and many many
many of you thanked me
and they told me they understood me and said
that felt the same way I did
be with the disappointments of
different times that they went to
stylist and I really love when
I only videos that are of help to
you and that you can
relate to this video and with me
tragedy and the number one question in
this video as it is now that it's time to
cut my hair and I tried
answer them as well as saying something
fast but I thought it 's a good idea
because if there are so many of you
who are
that same question then it's worth it
make them a video if we go with the signal
number one that must be more than obvious
Do not believe me that has happened to me so
that's why I'm telling you not
we have the common sense to say ay
because my tips are already dry maybe that
m a haircut many of the
Sometimes that is one of the first signs
and that's the first we ignore and I
I know many of you designs that
nothing grows my super slow hair and
cutting though is a bit is a
martyrdom I feel I want to grow up
long I really understand your dilemma but
believe me if you let your hair
grow in a way that is not healthy and
that your points are dry when you are
well very long what is going to happen is that
those tips are spreading
extending and at the end of accounts to
finish with long hair but with
horrible dots and your hair is not
is going to have that body that you want
that has to look beautiful like that
rapunzel and it's more is very likely that
that is the reason why your hair
it is not growing and another way
to see if your tips are asking for a
screaming cut up your hair like this
it does notice that it twists it and the tips
that get out of here from the sides are
items that are arched or open
in the middle or in the form of and those are the
you want to cut number 2 if you
hair is looking super dead and
without volume you get up and just like you
you lift up so your hair stays
lavas and nothing happens no longer have as
to fit it you comb it from one side and
from the other you change places the line
whatever, and nothing works
you have as well as who says a snooze
that does not go away for nothing is a sign of
that you should put the scissors because
one thing is that your hair is heavy and
be abundant like mine I have
pretty hair and I know more or less
now see the difference between that my
hair is heavy and that
definitely no longer has a body and
he does not want to do anything and if you're thinking
I remember when I cut it
I was pretty settled and how nice I
they had left my court it shows the
difference of note as you can
handle much better that's where we should
to realize that it's time baby
when you are a lock of a single
long and it goes well well well thick here
up and then work has no more
that a few three hairs are not
all the hair completely long and it
supposed to be we see only
long in that fuse not only the
dryness was killing his hair
it's already splitting so much that it's
eating is like rotting index
because the hair gets on if you do not
It does not moisturize it, it does not moisturize it
gives her her haircut and she knows
is going to start eating it to
split and will start to arrive until
up your hair and this can also
be the reason why you are being
falling can not only be genetic
sometimes when we leave literal
I spend so much time talking
and that there are people who do not cut
hair in more than six months until a
year that
I started a blunt I'm not
saying that once a month because neither
even I do that but at least
every two months and I can not be
of course it can also be a signal
of poor nutrition so take your water
comments vegetables eat fish those are
things that will help strengthen your
hair number 4 you are with your beau
they are there, spending a lot of time and
soon the stick gets you there by the
hair and what happens that you can not
draw not only because you want your
gallant can pass your hands and in your
visits of silk and that animal that
dry tips is a direct signal and
believe me now that I bring the firewoods
oxygenated you know the peroxide
dry and obviously it takes everything out
is the pigment to your hair that makes
the hair becomes thinner and more
prone to becoming entangled and that before
Pachón dog so if you can not
to pass even the comb then not only
your hair is super dehydrated but
urgently needs that at least
you cut the tips that helps that you
they become like who did
regenerate and although we do not see it
the strand of hair is restored and if
you have this problem a lot about
everything when you just woke up you
I recommend that you sleep with a braid
because usually if you sleep with your
hair loose and if you sleep like a demon
you're lucky way with hair
braided so you do not get tangled up and that
will help your courts do not have
to be so followed because of that
way it's not rubbed and it's going to be more
easy that you give in networks the hair in
the morning avoiding milestones and what
they are bursting others being that what
you can avoid you feel that it does not matter anymore
when the masks and treatments and
shampoo and conditioner you put on the
hair and nothing is working
because the masks even if they are
natural as good as they are baby
they're going to stop working they 're not going to
serve at all because like
that the skin when we expose
our skin and we remove all that skin
dead on top that serves us the
hair is the same the dead ends
are preventing your treatments and
All that is absorbed well in your hair
just as with the skin
the hair is the same and if you notice that the
color of your hair is no longer the same and
no matter how many times I paint it, it is
your color is all opaque and dead to
Sometimes you do not even have to
repaint simply by giving you a
cut the color returns as well as to
leave again feel alive with you
shinny golden curls look like this all
the pretty pieces if you want a way
beautiful beautiful magazine take your water
eat your vegetables if you are not taking
water just like with skin nothing is going
to work as always come your
questions and comments down there already
They know that I try to answer
animals from above because you know
that this helps me a lot subscribe
if you like hair videos
because they are going to come bad I love them and
I send you my kisses